
8/5/09
Steve Reiner
integratedsemantics.org
integratedsemantics.com

FlexSpaces+Browser release notes

0.92 Release
1. Styling and skinning: Default colors changed, more styles in css files (flexspaces.css, dialog.css) instead of hardcoded, 
2. Tabs and menus skinned.
3. Login: username and password fields are now initially blanked out

0.91 Release
1. Fixed WCM tree and WCM folder in WCM tab view  to work on Alfresco 3.2 Community (note wcm tab not shown
unless configured in FlexSpacesConfig.xml)

0.9 Release
1. Code refactored to use presentation model pattern
2. Using Spring Actionscript (formerly Prana) FlexSpacesConfig.xml instead of alfresco-config.xml
3. Config file can configure what tab views to show
4. Config file can configure default page size for views, and the page size pick list
5. Config file can configure wtether to have the coverflow view mode
6. Config file can configure thumbnail info
6. server side paging in webscript (doclist, search results) for faster initial display
7. more languages (engish, spanish, german, french, japanese, greek)
8. filtering out display of content rule nodes
9. goto containing folder in search better
10. preview more usable/complete feature: on Alfresco 3.0+, flash preview of files uses same
content model/rest api as preview in Share (no extra step doing make flash preview first needed)
11. On Alfresco 3.0+, thumbnails now display correctly on recently uploaded files into FlexSpaces
12. menu config in xml more usable now that all main menu enable/disable code is position independent
(previously, this was only the case for context menus)
13. tab view positions independent in the code now
14. favorites/shortcuts (3.0 only, only available in the ui in search tab view)
15. Changes FlexSpaces so CMIS Spaces can be built as with projects extending the flexspaces projects code

0.8 Release
1. Added semantic tagging / Calais features:
a. tools/auto-tag menu
b. tools/suggest tags menu/dialog
c. semantic tags tab to tags/categories dialog
d. multiple semantic tag clouds in search view
e. geo-location tag map in search view
2. general google map component
3. fixed getting tag cloud and category tree search results with tags/categories with spaces in them

0.7 Release

1. UI strings in resource, Spanish translation (thanks Nuno Barrocas / OKHA Networks)
2. German translation (thanks May Computer)
3. Japanese translation (thanks Tetsuya Suga)
4. (Flexspaces currently only built with English set of resource bundles. source code has all four languages)

5. The locale/language set of menu xml files can be configured by setting default-locale in alfresco-config.xml

6. Added paging support in folder views, search results

7. Added play video support (only avail from context menu, which is always enabled) will launch video in a new tab view 
with play, stop, pause buttons

8. Added support for Adobe LiveCycle Content Services ES

9. Added version history panel in doclib view (no wcm support) which shows versions of selected doc (if made versionable). 
View / Version History menu toggle panel on/off

10. tree fixes (select by path not name), refresh when add or delete folder

11. friendlier error msg dialog (stack details collapsed down), Friendlier login error message.

12. Although mainly support flash 9.x player. Did some testing with flash 10 player. Only issue: edit does checkout + download with
flash 9.x player. With flash 10.x player, edit will only do the checkout. Can still do the download as a  separate step with flash 10.x player.

13. Tested with Alfresco Enterprise 3.0 release



0.6 Release

1. Added support for pre 2.9 (tested with 2.2.0 enterprise, need at least 2.1 community/enterprise for webscripts)

2. Tested with alfresco 3.0, and also added Share page site components for flexspaces views

3. Added context menus enable/disable based on permissions (in addition to main menus)

4. Added edit (checkout + download) and update existing features

5. Finished adv search (all features as web client except for custom attribute config, saved searches)

6. Added thumbnails support in folder/nodelist views (doclib, search, task attachments, wcm) turn on off in View/Thumbnails
(avail only when running on 3.0 alfresco)  (in default icon view mode) 

7. Added coverflow view in folder/nodelist views (doclib, search, task attachments, wcm) (use new 3rd coverflow view mode button after icon and details view mode buttons
in upper right corner of folder views to get to, no menu)

8. flexspaces (+browser, and site page components) added url args for alf_ticket login ticket to skip login dialog, true/false flags to
control whether to have each of the 4 tab views (doclib, search, tasks, wcm)

9. more of the url in alfresco-config.xml
"/alfresco/service" part of url now  in alfresco-config.xml, not just "/alfresco/

10. added dialog to display webscript errors
(note: will also get this webscript errror dialog if username or password is wrong, need to fix)

11. added toolbar tool tips

12. added validate login ticket delegate/cmd


0.5 Release

1. Added Tag Cloud and Categories navigation in search view tab

2. Added Tags/Categories properties dialog to view/edit tags and categories on nodes

3. Added upload status dialog with progress bar/info for each file being uploaded
(used for "File/Upload Files" menu and air desktop file drag/drop/clipboard)

4. Added disabling/enabling main menus, ok in properties, add/remove in tags/categories, 
based on user's permissions (for now, most of the time, additional context menus menus will enable)

5. Correct check for working copy now used (previous temp way was English only, impacted enabling/disabling
checkin/checkout menus for other languages)

6. Made single pane folder the default (use "Dual Panes" and WCM Dual Panes" view menus to turn on)

7. Search result count now displayed

8. fixed stretching of icons in folder view grid mode.



0.4 Release

0. Flex and ActionScript source included for first time in this release

1. Search results view now has icon/grid like other views, also has context menu

2. Start on advanced search (UI only)

3. Menus are now enabled/disabled based on selection state, etc.

4. Added dockable toolbar and menubar now docks too

5. Main menu and context menus are xml configurable (note: menu enabling/disabling code is position specific)

6. Improved code structure, commented,  added use of Cairngorm (with UM extensions)

7. Added open containing folder (in task attachments and seach results context menus

8. Added filtering out some avm stores in WCM (no --workflow or --preview)


0.3 Prototype

1. Added support for browsing/navigating/working files and folders in AVM stores in new WCM tab view:
a. tree navigates avm stores and folders
b. one or two avm folder views for working with files and folders 
   (note: currently has cifs like paths and all stores unfiltered)
c. multiselect drag/drop between two avm folder views, multiselect cut/copy/paste between folder views 
d. multiselect copy (not cut) from ADM to AVM (not AVM to ADM)
e. create avm folder (File / Create Space menu)
f. properties (can only change name), rename
g. multiselect delete within AVM  (delete key or menu, ok to confirm)
h. single select download and  multselect upload files to avm
i. no web client update... of existing files. Use delete and file/upload files...
j. previewing/viewing files with Preview File and View File menus (currently they are the same fpr avm files and so is Edit File for now)
k. View menus to hide/show WCM tree, hide show second WCM folder view
2. Ignore all the non AVM menus  for doc mgt (checkin/co/cco/makeversionable, make flashpreview, workflow, etc.)
menus that should be disabled but are not yet
(and ignore the air specific menus)
3. Fixed: "Company Home" doesn't have to be "Company Home" 
4. Fixed: tree will get data on demand on expand on names not just on the triangles
5. Fixed: leftover vertical line afer drag / drop between folders
6. Fixed: only doing move when doing drag/drop between two folder views on Mac (will copy by default, move with shift key)
7. Fixed: Don't need /Company Home/Flash folder for "Make Flash Preview" (made in current folder)

0.2 Prototype
Added FlexSpaces+Browser for use with browser without AIR


0.1 Prototype
air only flexspaces+air prototype